# Kimia-Farma-Big-Data-Analytics-Virtual-Internship-Program

During the implementation of this Virtual Internship Experience program, I've been given an overview of how Big Data Analytics works at Kimia Farma. I have also learned how to solve problems and work on projects that are in line with Kimia Farma's activities.

In the beginning, I have been presented with some reading materials and video learning which are expected to help me in re-understanding the competencies needed by Big Data Analytics as well as understanding how Kimia Farma applies the knowledge.

Then I have been challenged to complete several tests to review my understanding of the field of Business Intelligence. Finally, I have been faced with a final project where I have been challenged to implement all the knowledge related to development that I have mastered before. Later, all of my work has been assessed and given feedback.During the implementation of this Virtual Internship Experience program, I've been given an overview of how Big Data Analytics works at Kimia Farma. I have also learned how to solve problems and work on projects that are in line with Kimia Farma's activities. In the beginning, I have been presented with some reading materials and video learning which are expected to help me in re-understanding the competencies needed by Big Data Analytics as well as understanding how Kimia Farma applies the knowledge. Then I have been challenged to complete several tests to review my understanding of the field of Business Intelligence. Finally, I have been faced with a final project where I have been challenged to implement all the knowledge related to development that I have mastered before. Later, all of my work has been assessed and given feedback.

Skills: Visualization · Analytics · Data Analytics · Problem Solving · Data Analysis · Data Science · Data Preprocessing · Data Transformation
